WIP: docs(gpu): gpu instances documentation (#275)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/gpu/how-to/use-preinstalled-env.mdx

  ```
  [I 2022-04-06 11:38:40.554 ServerApp] Serving notebooks from local directory: /home/jovyan/ai
  [I 2022-04-06 11:38:40.554 ServerApp] Jupyter Server 1.15.6 is running at:
  [I 2022-04-06 11:38:40.554 ServerApp] http://7d783f7cf615:8888/lab?token=e0c21db2665ac58c3cf124abf43927a9d27a811449cb356b
  [I 2022-04-06 11:38:40.555 ServerApp]  or http://127.0.0.1:8888/lab?token=e0c21db2665ac58c3cf124abf43927a9d27a811449cb356b
  [I 2022-04-06 11:38:40.555 ServerApp] Use Control-C to stop this server and shut down all kernels (twice to skip confirmation).
  ```

  <Message type="tip">

  Jupyter Lab is launched automatically when you run any Scaleway container image. You will see a message upon start up telling how to access the notebook in your browser. To override Jupyter Lab being launched automatically in this way, add `/bin/bash` to the end of your `docker run` command, e.g. `docker run --runtime=nvidia -it --rm -p 8888:8888 -p 6006:6006 rg.fr-par.scw.cloud/scw-ai/pytorch:latest /bin/bash`. This preempts the launch of Jupyter Lab at container startup, and replaces it with the specified command, in this case a bash shell.

  </Message>

> 2. On your local computer, open a browser window and enter the following URL. Replace `<ip-address>` with the IP address of your Scaleway GPU Instance, and `<my-token>` with the token shown displayed in the last lines of terminal output after theh `jupyter-lab` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open a browser window on your local computer, and enter the following URL. Replace `<ip-address>` with the IP address of your Scaleway GPU Instance, and `<my-token>` with the token shown displayed in the last lines of terminal output after theh `jupyter-lab` command
```

  ```
  <ip-address>:8888/lab?token=<my-token>
  ```

  <Message type="tip">

  You can find the IP address of your Instance in the Scaleway console. In the side menu, click **Instances** to see a list of your Instances. The IP address of each of them is shown in the list that displays.

  </Message>

  Jupyter Lab now displays in your browser. You can use the Notebook, Console, or other features as required:

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-jupyter-lab.webp" alt="" />

  You can display the GPU Dashboard in Jupyter Lab to view information about CPU and GPU resource usage. This is accessed via the **System Dashboards** icon in the left side menu (the third icon from the top).

> 3. Use CTRL+C in the terminal window of your GPU Instance / Docker container to close down the Jupyter server when you've finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use CTRL+C in the terminal window of your GPU Instance / Docker container to close the Jupyter server when you have finished.
```

  h1: How to use the preinstalled environment
  paragraph: This page explains how to use the preinstalled environment
dates:
  validation: 2022-03-25
  posted: 2022-03-25
---

> Once you've [launched](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) one of our ready-made [Docker images](/compute/gpu/reference-content/docker-images) on your Scaleway GPU Instance, you have access to a pre-installed Python environment. A number of useful AI core packages and tools are installed, including scipy, numpy, scikit-learn, jupyter, tensorflow and the Scaleway SDK. Depending on the Docker image you choose, other packages and tools will also be pre-installed, providing a convenient framework environment for you so that you can begin work immediately.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have [launched](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) one of our ready-made [Docker images](/compute/gpu/reference-content/docker-images) on your Scaleway GPU Instance, you have access to a pre-installed Python environment. A number of useful AI core packages and tools are installed, including `scipy`, `numpy`, `scikit-learn`, `jupyter`, `tensorflow` and the Scaleway SDK. Depending on the Docker image you choose, other packages and tools will also be pre-installed, providing a convenient framework environment for you so that you can begin work immediately.
```
